---
title: Private Club
excerpt:
categories: [Wedding]
tags: []
featured_image: /wedding cake.jpeg
visibility: public
published_at:
location: Washington, DC
images:
  - /guest card table.jpeg
  - /Isabelle and Cameron.jpeg
  - /Isabelle and Cameron2.jpeg
  - /tables.jpeg
  - /wedding cake.jpeg
  - /Alter.jpeg
  # - /tables2.jpeg
photo_credit: Stephen Bobb
---

Meeting brides at their venue to walk through each detail of their vision is an important part of our design process. A historic mansion standing center stage in the Embassy Row of Massachusetts Ave. in Washington, DC was the perfect location for the decadence of florals we were asked to design in each room. This floral experience began at the entrance of the second floor where guests were greeted by a towering design of florals appropriate for the stately elegance of this vestibule. As guests moved through each room of the mansion, a dramatic floral presentation created the ambiance of sophistication, elegance and luxury.

The ballroom served as both the ceremony and reception space. In addition,a 45-minute, methodical room flip was performed like a beautiful waltz between the venue staff and our team of designers. Together we created a captivating dining experience of florals and candlelight surrounding the king’s table for the wedding party.

Tablescaping florals of dahlias, garden roses and Clooney ranunculus in rich vibrant colors and flickering candlelight were a befitting match to the opulent Gilded Age style ballroom.The room was adorned with elaborate moldings and exquisite crystal chandeliers and wall sconce lighting – an unforgettable vision of floral and architectural abundance.
