---
title: Congressional Country Club
excerpt:
categories: [Wedding]
tags: []
featured_image: /HS_A0266.jpg
visibility: public
published_at:
location: Bethesda, MD
images:
  - /HS_A0008.jpg
  - /HS_A0243.jpg
  - /HS_A0266.jpg
  - /YK_B0048.jpg
  - /YK_B0502.jpg
  - /YK_B0853.jpg
  - /YK_B1137.jpg
  - /YK_B1286.jpg
photo_credit: PAPERBOYS
---

Every bride has a vision of what their special day will look like, and flowers are the unspoken, visual story that can transform a space to bring that vision to life.

This one is a garden story, rich in texture and color that starts out soft and elegant in the ceremony designs and graduates to bold primary colors and textural greenery in the reception.

A favorite of the bride and focal point of the ceremony was the oversized floral frame. Wrapped in Southern smilax vines and fortified with trailing tree ivy and feathering Italian ruscus, this one-of-a-kind arch overlooked the immaculate grounds of the country club and featured lush clusters of blue hydrangeas, peonies, garden roses and a variety of spray roses in soft pastel colors. Purple clematis blooms and lavender stock flowers softened the clusters to create an airier design.

As rain showers leading up to the ceremony finally ended, the bride made her way down the aisle lined with garden florals that led to her groom at the floral arch.

The ballroom featured eight elevated floral trees, each designed with a collection of fallen, foraged tree limbs that created the illusion of towering flower trees surrounded with a base of layered mood moss. On opposite tables was a lush presentation of bright florals and tall pillar candles.. Southern smilax vines adorned the wall sconces to soften the space and bring natural texture as though guests were seated in a summer garden.
