---
title: Royal Park Hotel
excerpt:
categories: [Wedding]
tags: []
featured_image:
visibility: public
published_at:
location: Rochester, MI
---

College sweethearts Amaris and Alan wanted their fall wedding to have a magical, garden-like feel. Instead of having a traditional hotel experience, they wanted to feel like they were getting married in a forest. So, we brought the great outdoors inside the charmed Royal Park Hotel in Rochester, Michigan, creating an unexpected experience for all who attended.

The ceremony took place inside the hotel’s glass conservatory where guests could admire the overhead view of towering ginkgo and oak trees from the comfort of the indoors filled with exotic plants and textured greenery. The bride and groom walked down an aisle lined with boxwood topiaries and were married in front of a custom-designed frame made of southern smilax and multi-layered with a variety of ferns, all looking out onto an exquisite, marble water fountain and garden patio filled with tailored boxwood hedges.

For the reception, the hotel ballroom was also transformed to continue the forest theme outfitted with round and family-style tables enhanced with oversized boxwood and camellia branch topiaries. The centerpieces and satellite florals were designed with rich-colored, seasonal blooms, Dutch hydrangea and garden roses. The bridal party sat at a king’s-style table embellished with a tablescape of bright red, orange and yellow florals. A canopy of twinkle lighting hung amidst chandeliers above the dance floor and various sized candles were placed on the tables creating an enchanted dining experience for the newlyweds and their guests.
