---
title: “A Night in the Garden”
excerpt:
categories: [Private Dining]
tags: []
featured_image: /succulent .jpg
visibility: public
published_at:
location: Ritz Carlton, Georgetown, Washington, D.C.
images:
  - /bride white3.jpg
  - /red bout2.jpg
  - /roses and candles.jpg
  - /succulent .jpg
  - /table closeup.jpg
  - /table evening light2.jpg
  -
  -
  -
---

I had the privilege of bringing a floral experience to an enchanted evening and dinner party curated by renowned event planner Andre Wells, principal of Events by Andre Wells, at the Ritz Carlton, Georgetown. This intimate dinner for 40 friends and local wedding industry greats was executed with the finest of details.

Andre’s extraordinary concept for the evening had to be met with a floral experience that would invoke the mood and ambiance of his vision, inspired by a Monet floral-printed linen. Six whitewashed farm tables were joined together with towering, moss-covered topiaries designed with variegated weigela and various fern foliage. At the cross points of each table, lush florals were color-blocked in orange, coral and pink floating above green hydrangea. A table runner of organic florals and seasonal greenery were eclectically arranged in mossed vases, accented with succulents and ferns on mossed raisers. Votive candles flickered between the florals for an added touch of soft light.

During the dinner, runway fashion models donned the latest trends in breathtaking bridal gowns and tailored suits. Bridal bouquets and complementing boutonnieres were designed in monochromatic tones to compliment the event florals and match the stand-out tone of the evening – an intimate and exclusive showcase of design and fashion.
