---
title: Private Historic Club
excerpt:
categories: [Wedding]
tags: []
featured_image: /IMG_8247.jpg
visibility: public
published_at:
location: Washington, DC
images:
  - /IMG_8242.jpg
  - /IMG_8244.jpg
  - /IMG_8245.jpg
  - /IMG_8246.jpg
  - /IMG_8247.jpg
---

Early spring weddings offer an abundance of floral options. And when the venue is a historic Beaux Arts mansion in Washington, DC, the florals must do more than simply look pretty. They need to complement each room’s décor, while the scale of every design considers the dramatic architectural details—cathedral ceilings, intricate crown moldings, and more.

The floral color palette incorporated cool tones of blush pink and lavender with subtle undertones of Misty blue floating above creamy ivory hues, adding sophistication and a perfect complement to the mansion room.

We set two opulent florals in front of a 10-foot window draped in rich, green, multi-layered curtain panels. The use of tall delphinium florals brought the height needed to frame the couple inside the window and the lush, tiered placement of roses, ranunculus and dripping French tulips were added to evoke an elegant, Art Nouveau feel to the design.

The reception dinner tables were adorned with dainty lavender sweet peas that danced above blush ranunculus and garden roses to create a delicate, yet striking design. The focal design featured a fully dressed fireplace mantel using peonies, garden roses and delphinium accents against a bed of ferns and ruscus greenery. The small touch of re-flexing French tulip petals added a dramatic flair to the overall design.

The finale was the towering floral cake—a vision of floral artistry displaying each cake layer with an equal layer of flowers. The placement of each design echoed the flowers in the centerpieces, with blossoms dancing around them like butterflies. This presentation of the bride’s vision was a show-stopping masterpiece.
